Add the font selector to the common widgets list (#4243)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: source/docs/user_manual/introduction/general_tools.rst

   Quick color ramp selection widget

.. index:: Font selection; Text format
.. _font_selector:

Font Selector
--------------

> The :guilabel:`Font` selector widget is a convenient shortcut anytime you have

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :guilabel:`Font` selector widget is a convenient shortcut when you want
```

> to set font properties of a textual information (feature's label, label on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to set font properties for textual information (feature labels, decoration labels,
```

> decorations, map legend text...). Clicking the drop-down arrow shows the following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
map legend text, ...). Clicking the drop-down arrow shows the following
```

> editable options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
options:
```

.. _figure_fontselector_widget:

.. figure:: img/fontselector_widget.png
   :align: center

   Font selector drop-down menu

> * :guilabel:`Font Size` in the associated unit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :guilabel:`Font Size` in the associated units
```

Author: there's a single unit, read-only. Not sure the plural is right, here.

> * :menuselection:`Recent Fonts -->` menu with, at the top, the active font checked

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :menuselection:`Recent Fonts -->` menu with the active font checked (at the top)
```

> * :guilabel:`Configure Format...`: same as pressing the font selector widget, it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :guilabel:`Configure Format...`: opens
```

Author: Then I miss the information that pushing the widget is the shortcut to "Configure format" entry here

>   gives access to dialog to parameterize the text format. Depending on the context,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  a dialog to set text format parameters. Depending on the context,
```

>   it can be the OS default :guilabel:`Text format` dialog or QGIS custom dialog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  it can be the OS default :guilabel:`Text format` dialog or the QGIS custom dialog
```

  with advanced formatting options (opacity, orientation, buffer, background,

>   shadow...) as described in section :ref:`text_format`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  shadow, ...) as described in section :ref:`text_format`.
```

> * :guilabel:`Copy format` of a text

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :guilabel:`Copy format` of the text
```

> * and :guilabel:`Paste format` to another text, speeding configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* and :guilabel:`Paste format` to the text, speeding configuration.
```
